update!: Post three job openings (#2785)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/about/jobs/journalist.md

Privacy Guides is a small, largely volunteer-driven nonprofit media organization, and we do not currently have a dedicated writing and editing team. As such, you will be expected to take charge of the entire writing process from beginning to publication. You will have the freedom to choose which topics to cover and set a schedule to release articles on our main website.

==Our primary mission is to publish the highest quality content surrounding consumer privacy and cybersecurity on the internet==, not the highest quantity of stories. You will be empowered to dive deep into the topics you are writing about, and expected to meet our high quality and editorial standards.

Your responsibilities will include, but aren’t limited to:

- Creating high-quality articles for our [knowledge base](../../basics/why-privacy-matters.md).
- Performing product reviews for our [reviews](https://www.privacyguides.org/articles/category/reviews/) section and [tool recommendations](../../tools.md).
- Researching new topics to cover.
- Interviewing and fact-checking all relevant sources.
- Regular posting of high-quality, unbiased journalistic content across our platforms.

> As a guideline, we expect roughly 3-5 articles a week that meet our quality standards, since we believe a well-researched article will take at least 8 hours to research and write on average. We realize some articles can be completed quickly, while others may take weeks or longer before publishing. You will be empowered to use your best judgement and prioritize your work accordingly.

Reviewer: Do we want quality or quantity? Of course ideally we want both, but posting two great articles a week is better to me than churning out five mediocre ones.

Author: Line 18 above says:

> Our primary mission is to publish the highest quality content surrounding consumer privacy and cybersecurity on the internet, not the highest quantity of stories.

Reviewer: I suppose it does say roughly as well

- Performing product reviews for our [reviews](https://www.privacyguides.org/articles/category/reviews/) section and [tool recommendations](../../tools.md).
- Researching new topics to cover.
- Interviewing and fact-checking all relevant sources.
- Regular posting of high-quality, unbiased journalistic content across our platforms.

As a guideline, we expect roughly 3-5 articles a week that meet our quality standards, since we believe a well-researched article will take at least 8 hours to research and write on average. We realize some articles can be completed quickly, while others may take weeks or longer before publishing. You will be empowered to use your best judgement and prioritize your work accordingly.

We are much more interested in articles that deeply cover the subject area than articles that cover the news of the day.

Job requirements:

- Excellent organization and communication skills.
- Expertise in English and writing.
- Flexibility to set and respond to varying priorities and deadlines.
- Proactive, results-driven mindset with a strong sense of initiative.
- Personal interest in consumer privacy, cybersecurity, and technology.

> - Regularly communicating with the Privacy Guides committee and other team members.

Reviewer 2: This line can be moved to the list of responsibilities (as it is in the Content Creator posting) or
```suggestion
- Regular communication with the Privacy Guides committee and other team members.
```
for consistency.
